## Discussion points on reading


1. In this chapter, these robots were made that were not impressioned with the first law entirely. And, this was all done becuase of an order from the government. I guess considering the type of world we live in now, where corruption is highly likely in many institutions, is this something that we should be worried about (misuse of robots)? Who should be in charge of issueing and manufacturing robots? 
2. It was interesting to see how the robot misunderstood the physicist and took his words literally as an order to "lose himself". And since he was not a stable robot (not impressioned with the first law, meaning the laws lost their balances), it led him to do just that. This showcased the importance of such a balance in the three laws. Do you think that we will ever be able to create such robots that follow such laws? If so do you think they will be similar to the one in iRobot? Or do you think that there are some missing elements that these three laws dont mention? What would our laws be?
3. Another intriguing concept that this chapter brings up is community. The robots somehow formed their own group, and would discuss the questions asked during interviews and the tests they were given to determine who the lost robot is among them. It was interesting to see how the lost robot persuaded them with his logic, and they all agreed with him. It all so similar to how people act in a group. Therefore, with this thought in mind, why did they still see robots as objects? The robots acted like humans, they share thoughts and ideas with one another, just like humans, and they knew that they are similar to other robots in their group, much like how people in communities know that they share similar thoughts and ideas. So, why werent robots treated differently? Why were they still being treated like objects that perform tasks? (I hope my question is clear, I have it clear in my head, I'm not sure if thats so here lol)
4. The concept of slavery is again mentioned in this chapter, and I'm still wondering why that is. I guess this is also similar to the previous question, but if robots have such sophisticated minds, why are they still treated this way? How is this ethical?
5. I always run out of thoughts when I reach the final point... I'm sorry.
